add incremental load with native datatypes (#482)
keboola/connection-docs: storage/tables/index.md

When an incremental load is not used, the contents of the target table are cleared before the load. When a primary key
is not defined and an incremental load is used, it simply appends the data to the table and does not update anything.

#### Difference between tables with [native datatypes](/storage/tables/data-types/#native-datatypes) and string tables

There is significant change when loading incrementally into table with native datatypes on. If table doesn't have native
datatypes during incremental load, the `_timestamp` column is updated based on the primary key only when any value in
the row is changed.
In tables with native datatypes, the `_timestamp` column is updated every time when duplicate primary keys are imported.

> This behavior has an impact on [incremental Processing](/storage/tables/#Incremental Processing), as when rows with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior has an impact on [incremental processing](/storage/tables/#incremental-processing). When rows with

```

| new row => | 5  | Andy | AB-CF-48 | 7081  | 2003-07-05 |
| new row => | 6  | Beth | HH-FR-14 | 7541  | 2002-04-01 |

- Result of inc import A1

|                                   |ID|NAME|SKU|VALUE|DATE| _timestamp     |
|-----------------------------------|---|---|---|---|---|----------------|
|                                   |1|John|CD-CZ-01|9247|2005-12-11| 1669131439     |
|                                   |2|Jack|CE-CA-22|3544|2012-10-14| 1669131439     |
|                                   |3|Jim|ED-BT-13|5262|2001-04-20| 1669131439     |
|                                   |4|Jil|BA-AB-11|5278|2014-12-14| 1669131439     |
| added row = new _timestamp => |5|Andy|AB-CF-48|7081|2003-07-05| **1669221680** |
| added row = new _timestamp => |6|Beth|HH-FR-14|7541|2002-04-01| **1669221680** |

- Incremental import A2 at **Wed Nov 23 2022 16:42:42 GMT+0000 (1669221762)**

|                                  | ID |NAME|SKU|VALUE|DATE|
|----------------------------------|---|---|---|---|---|
| existing row, no new values =>   |5|Andy|AB-CF-48|7081|2003-07-05|
| new row =>                       |7|Edith|ED-BT-13|9471|1996-12-18|

- Result of inc import A2

> **Here we can see a significant change in the incremental load, the `_timestamp' column is updated for row id:5, this would not happen with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Here we can see a significant change in the incremental load, the `_timestamp` column is updated for row id:5, this would not happen

```
